oh she's my girlfriend that's not just
how we do it here I have to take a
little break all right I was Kenneth
with his much too literal rendition of I
touch myself coming up next we've got
Monica singing Delta dawn oh wait wait
I can't sing in front of all these
people we'll just pretend they're not
even here
it's okay Monica once that spotlight
hits you it's so bright you won't see
anyone anyway oh hi I'm Monica and I'm
going to be singing Delta dawn
what's that flower you have on could it
be a faded rose from days gone by
can you totally see the cursor like an
x-ray and day not to wear a bra
and just love
bitch
is kind of
I'm sorry the songs over
did you see me up there every little bit
of you I can't believe I did I can't
believe I sang in front of people and
they liked me did you hear that one guy
shouting look at those tips I mean did I
really hope you get a lot of tips sure
okay mom not that you didn't sound good
good didn't you hear now I was great oh
thank you so much for making me do this
that is the best gift ever also a good
gift underwear for my next song I think
I'll sing something a little more upbeat
alright um oh how about the Pointer
Sisters I'm so excited and make it
bouncy probably take care of that on
your end I'm sorry I'm late you'll
understand when you see Joey how do
you're just in time I'm about to sing
another song really in front of all
these people and they love me oh my god
yeah she gives the people what they want
watch
tonight tonight we're gone
do not put all other things
I don't know what
funny I didn't see that before I went to
let her go up here
stop this
yeah
who cares I still love me
touching yourself
Jeremiah was a bullfrog was a good
friend my single world is sad but I held
in my drink his wine
so you'll just touch yourself or
anything